thin
in just recently a year ago
Olga tells
citizenship in a small town not
So
St. Petersburg club well
when it will have to do
moreover the group should not be forgotten in
doorways
around you 1 gram high
the lights are lit he applied also
small town there all the same saint
Petersburg
Moscow is still the largest
in Venice
Yes, we know when I came to America
no any other city minimum
26 cars in the evening but you can't do it yet
as noted was not
m just put the car will
dismantled he
Each city has its own city lights
figure skating will do and it's also
work
ice performance illa avverhaha lights
the big city opens a new season
they gave their fans an autograph
session will be
the main universal
country store meeting place change
can not the central fountain
this building no longer remembers endless
Soviet queues today they appeared
everyone wanted such buses
and stabilize the situation
percent
but
Allan Dara
Yes
these shots will go home in essence
Taliban and will most likely be posted in
Internet as a special pride therapy
magicians and psychics claiming that
bringing an impact get
images but stars are past selection in
water and copper pipes do not believe in damage to the evil eye
coups and other mystical rites
I did not believe
if and so on
the more i have their families
will have on the photo
career
li
I'm not afraid
Australian residents
then when
on it is the same
they did
they are not afraid of oil production and therefore
that they themselves are able to create service
duty performance lights of the big city
completely original
author's project as a challenge to the west
Russian show business can be
upscale import ibiza overseas
creative and the most important thing is
unique star cast six
olympic champions one of
these films of the world and starring the actor
Marat Basharov
than a century-old award and place matched more
fountain who do not know buy tickets
the show is much cheaper than usual
people kept going for autographs
photo frame us to unite as on
holy communion an hour later experience
calligraphy none of the skaters are tired
work here only
send but man knows some very
nice words
delegate to
for the sixth time
I hope arm tass is almost inaudible
good little but hardly possible
say that since Russian
2 hours is not enough
give people joy and charge of them
love skaters went home
all not without reason live high
to see better
city ​​lights
so maybe you and I settled on
in the fortieth floors of the Sparrow Hills
and really
all the delights of one city which lies
underfoot
and here is Rusakov
at 23 rubles yes it became a tradition along with
so we
on the eve of the authorities to invite
Well, if the animal will not leave Putin
they give the 90s